the number one buyer of stocks since
2009 has been on a rampage can you guess
who it is you came here for the truth so
let me unveil that for you in today's
video we're going to talk about the
stock market who's buying who's selling
so you know exactly what's going on
follow the money right well let's begin
by taking a look at this this is the
bubbles of the past and we can see
things that go crazy I never like to see
anything going up in a straight line it
always concerns me because it usually
comes down the other way aggressively
many cases even more aggressively than
it came up we want to see a slow and
steady rise we want to make it seem like
it's paint drying but of course things
are not like that we get hype we get
speculation we get all the craziness
happening and you could see some
examples of this in the past whether it
was that meteoric rise of Bitcoin where
it was on everyone's radar people who
never heard of Bitcoin in their life
were telling me what's this Bitcoin
thing what's going on with Bitcoin that
was a big concern for me because people
who never knew anything about it never
bought it never did anything with it
they were getting it on their radar so I
knew that there was speculation was in
and that was a problem it was right when
it got past
60,000 big concern okay we don't want to
see that if you love Bitcoin you
shouldn't want to see that either you
should want to see it just slowly going
under the radar nobody noticing what
about what's happening with previously
the Fang stocks now the AI craze and of
course the Magnificent 7 which is kind
of changed at the time of this recording
we have seen these bubbles before is it
sustainable well we start to break that
down and of course there are big concern
inss today look how crazy this is the
top 10 biggest single day market cap
gains you can see Meta previously known
as Facebook going crazy
$25 billion increase in their market cap
in one trading session think about how
ridiculous that is 200 billion dollar
that alone is bigger than most companies
that exist
and they added that to their market cap
in one day whoa now of course okay we're
going to do a dividend Mark Zuckerberg
is going to get $700 million a year
that's so fantastic on the same day on
that same day or maybe the day before it
was they were talking about the problems
with all the CEOs they were grilling all
the CEOs in Congress they were saying
you are responsible for all these crimes
that are happening you're bad you're bad
you're bad Mark Zuckerberg had to get up
there and apologize and then the guy
goes and he gets a $700 million pay
bonus because of the
dividends that's what's going on right
now there's a very big difference in
between the facade that you're seeing
out there and the reality these stocks
are going through the roof meta is
planning a huge buyback here are the
biggest of all time so they are doing
some massive BuyBacks right now I'll
show you the difference here between
theirs of 50 billion and apples which
are just crazy and that example in 2018
hundred billion dollar but many many of
these Mass BuyBacks and guess what who
is the biggest buyer of stocks since
2009 the number one biggest buyer of
stocks have you got it yet okay well
talk about that world's big world's
largest Sovereign wealth fund uh post a
record $213 billion of profit boosted by
what ah tech stocks that's right so
Norway's giant Sovereign wealth fund
loving those tech stocks they never
really sold off of their tech stocks
they they were more and more as the
years went on they were becoming more
heavily invested no different than what
the Swiss National Bank the Central Bank
of Switzerland was doing they operate
like as like a hedge fund in this case
here um they did the same thing we want
to overemphasize US tech stocks and as a
result they've done very well of course
they did extremely bad when the markets
were coming down but it was shortlived
and now as a result when you take it
over you know a few year period they're
still up significantly so that's where
this is they're loving Tech and they
won't give it up at least it doesn't
seem like that anytime soon the growth
is there and the hype is right behind it
so here we have a big difference though
because we have the S&P
500 which of of course includes a lot of
different stocks we get a good variety
there but compare it to what you'll see
with the
retail retail is a big issue um when I
look at this broadly I start to think to
myself retail stocks have not performed
anywhere near where the broad index has
when you see what's going on with tech
stocks though in terms of their actual
companies they're not really
performing uh extremely well in terms of
you know when we look at the job
situation a lot of them are laying
people off what does that tell you about
the resilience of these companies not
the stocks the companies well it's not
all you know rainbows and flowers and
unicorn orns is it maybe a few unicorns
different kind of
unicorn by clients corporate clients LED
inflows and institutional clients LED
outflows do you see something here a
little a little tidbit there we'll talk
about that in a second institutional
they've been selling they've been
selling last week and four-week average
they have been net sellers the
institutions the hedge funds the Pension
funds they are selling off that doesn't
mean that they're selling everything off
it just means that overall they've done
a lot more selling recently who's buying
overwhelmingly massively the last
weekend the four-week average corporates
whose
corporates let me talk about that in a
second you can see the chart on the
right which basically just breaks that
all down if you're interested here we
have it
BuyBacks stock BuyBacks are at a
historical high right now so who's the
biggest buyer of stocks more than we've
ever seen in history it's the apples
it's the Facebooks it's the you know all
these companies that we I just showed
you they are the ones that have been
buying the most
stocks isn't that crazy isn't that wild
at a time in which borrowing because
before they were doing a lot of
borrowing they're still doing it by the
way a lot of borrowing in order order to
do the buyback now it's more expensive
to do that but they're still doing it
now in doing this at this record level
they push their stock prices up this is
very
beneficial um for the for the stock
itself there's no question about it for
the Insiders more so the Insiders are
loving this I'll show you one big
Insider in just a
second you could find by the way any
insight on what they're doing um this is
something that you could find that I
have it on my channel I have a video
that breaks it down how to find out
which insiders are are buying and
selling uh if you go to the playlist
section on my channel and just look it
says something like how to find out
where the Insiders like Jeff Bezos are
buying and selling something like this
um looking at this when I see it it
tells us that they believe the stock
will be higher in the future as opposed
to now because if they didn't they would
wait they would reserve the capital they
would wait so the the company itself
believes now is the right time to be
buying the hedge funds the Pension funds
are trying to trim probably okay we
we're good now we made a lot of money on
this rise up let's let's take some of
that off the top that's what they're
saying here it is Bezos discloses plan
to sell up to 50 million and Amazon
shares as stock surges so he is going to
sell off normally he sells a billion
dollars a year very typical he takes
that he puts it into his company blue
origin okay look if you're rich what do
you do you set up a uh Spaceship Company
and light all that money on fire
apparently because most of it I think is
just going going up me burnt up but
anyway uh that is 8.6 I believe it says
in here 8. 6 billion worth so it is much
much more than we've seen um so what's
he doing with that why wouldn't he want
to keep it in Amazon I think he is he's
got too much in Amazon I think that's
very clear he doesn't want to sell it
all at once and he lets everybody know
like many others will will let everybody
know in advance so that the stock is
like oh no we're freaking out you know
this is happening insiders when they
start selling
it is something to note it is a big
concern I don't know why he's selling
like you know a billion dollars here and
there for him it's not a big deal
8.6 something to note something to watch
so I'm going to keep an eye on that and
uh we'll look for that in the next
little while so you could see what's
going on with institutional investors
they've been trimming off the top the
stock BuyBacks are the number one reason
right now why stocks have risen in
addition of course to the Euphoria and
all of the excitement around artificial
intelligence and so on it has been a
select few stocks that have been pulling
the market up you've got Microsoft
you've got Nvidia you've got to some
degree we've you know I had apple and
Amazon all these other companies that
have done well
overall that's where we're at today
where we are going to be at in the next
little while if interest rates start to
get cut this year who knows things could
go even crazier what are your thoughts
on this this is something that I break
down each and every week on the Friday
live sessions this is what we talk about
I mean the Friday live session we just
had I spent over two hours it was two
hours and 20 minutes I think 2 hours and
20 minutes breaking down how to look at
any investment from a 30,000 foot view
come down each and every step of the way
if that's something that interests you
well then click the link in the
description under the live section the
money gps.com
slive and I hope that you would join me
there don't forget to hit that thumbs up
button on the way out when you do that
it notifies the algorithm some good
stuff and of course I'll see you
tomorrow take care